When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When I'm working on the same project with other people.
When my work is very important or critical.
When I need data ubiquity to access to my documents from any place and any moment.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Because nobody will choose better than me the moment and branch that I need to pull, it is safer and more organized.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Fork is possible only inside GitHub (I use would it when I'll want to get, to my GitHub account, other's content that is in 
GitHub, probably, to modify it ), is GitHub clone only. 
Clone is possible inside a local repository and between remote and local repository (remote -> local)
(I would it use when I'll want to copy a repository to local repository, to work in my great computer). 
Branch is possible only inside a repository, not between different repositories.
(I use would it when I'll need to get, for example, different versions of my project or add new features)

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit is the opportunity to resolve conflicts that arise when the modifications that I have introduced collide with 
my co-worker's modifications.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I would use a cloud repository like Google Drive, Dropbox or Onedrive. It would be easier, a priori, the files and directories management
since it would be traditional management: No new functions (like git clone, add, commit, push, pull, etc.) or new interactions methods 
to learn.
Would be harder to go fast, for example, because the round robin scheduling to write the same file, the inability to develop in parallel and 
then, later, have the possibility to merge properly the different versions.
It would harder to follow the changes history of the work. 
When occurs something unexpected it would be harder to recovery previous states and it would be harder to find the errors. 
It would be harder to identify the changes that introduce other people. 
It would be harder to identify and to fix conflicts.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When I want to add a critical feature on my project, a feature that requires a lot of modifications. 
When a I need a different versions if my work. 
When several people need to work on different areas(features, levels, layers, etc.) of the project.
Benefits:
    On Separate branch:
        - Protect the working version of the project. 
        - Develop new features "safely". 
        - Several people can work in parallel.
        - You can get a more efficient way of work.
        - You can develop several version of you project in a efficient way.
    Just on master:
        - Good for short works.
        - Changes are added "automatically".
        - Probably this situation force you to be more careful and cautious (at least it should be so :P) because the project 
        recovery chances decrease :(.
        