What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When I initialize a repository it is created a hidden Git directory, i.e., It is created a good place where my project
will be trucked, in other words I enable Git to be able to truck my files. 
I need to do it because Git starts that way, it is the first step to make possible the file trucking.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is between working directory and the repository, is a previous step before the repository, it allows
to truck these files that will be committed together, to "keep on sight" the files for the next commit, it remembers you what you pretend
to do.  

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
I can use as a bag where I put all files related to one logical change because could be more than one file per logical change. It allows the
chance of continue adding files.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
With some projects that have multiple versions because the product will run on several platforms, or when we want to experiment 
with new features or with important modifications, branches would help to clarify all this situations and get an easy recognition 
of each of them. Also, it is the possibility to come and go between branches, and between versions of each branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams help me to understand what commits are unreachable, to visualize clearly the respective commits that 
conform each branch, to visualize where a branch begins, to determine which commit is the first for a certain branch, 
to visualize the parental relations between commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Considering this: You have branch1 checked out and then run "git merge branch1 branch2", the result is a new greater 
branch (named branch1 in this case) made by a "huge commit" where all the commits of branch2 are added to the branch1 ones. 
We represent it in the diagram the way we do because this way is easier to understand visualizing graphically what happen with 
the commits, for example the ones which are added, the ones which are kept, from the former ones to the latter ones.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging:
    Pros:
        - If it is some machine learning method that can resolve the merging problems for you, automatic merging would be great!.
    Cons:
        - Improvement code or important logic issues may be lost or may suffer erroneous modifications. 

Always doing merges manually
    Pros: 
        - It Is a safer method, you can always verify what exactly are the problems and you can solve them in a convenient way.
        - It is easy to make mistakes or have mismatches, and this method allows you to "recover quickly".
    Cons:
        - For say one, it represents more work ;).


